and so robinson cano is set to go 15
hits last year
ball has blasted high deep center field
way back there goodbye home run
they'll take that one run homer they
need that now the lead is too
Oh guys a second hold on they hit off
him in this game so when he gets the
ball up and makes mistake I hit it out
he's got to be thinking about exactly
what he threw in those cases and made me
change it up on their not clearly to
those guys he's gonna have to do it
while Yaeger is continuing to score head
buried credit the offensive charge
get him to chase that one outside ball
one and the home run there Steve the
pitch is going to have to be very
careful now well that's right damage
control is critical you don't want this
inning to get out of control here's the
10 now a swing that ball is hit well
deep going back this one off the wall
let's take a chance now to look at the
mating season last year and how they
ranked in the American League first and
runs third and triples and the power
numbers certainly there is they're
ranked third in the league in home runs
really 22 the depth of the power in that
light
runner on first base nobody out
that one is drilled to short and another
hit back-to-back terrific opportunity
right now for the Yankees number 55 it's
now he's surrendered three straight hits
he's got a bounce back and get this guy
he needs an out no one out yet runners
at first and second
here's the pitch that curve is just a
little bit outside one ball no strikes
this curveball just drops right off the
table it's a good pitch give the hitter
credit for not chasing line towards
first and another while that hitting
coach was smiling
swisher snore
take a little to play at the bag now you
take a look the throw comes in they have
lighted tag but just not quick
all eyes like
he's going to have to come up with some
big outs and in a hurry right here I
sure does Gary their town free already a
face hit could make it five he has to go
for strike out first pitch curveball
swung on a missed on one well it's just
textbook pitching right there exactly
where you want to put the breaking ball
either keep it down at the knees or even
bouncing in the dirt if you have to to
get the hitter to swing over top of it
that's what he did there great pitch low
for a ball to Gardner
good looking fastball fouled the ball
both two and one
Oh fastball runs inside that will dust
them off a little the pitchers like to
throw in off the plate if it's not a
strike then you want to send a message
to the hitter to back up it allows you
to open up the outer third of the plate
now
the 3-2 pitch swung on get down the line
in left it as a chance goodbye bomb run
good for three Stevie knocks in a three
run homer they lead my safe
that is a big hit with a big outcome the
WPA graph shows you just
the third home run in this game off his
pitchers so they're starting to figure
something out he can't be in there much
long let's see if we see some inside
stuff coming up here
well Yankees continuing to score here
Jerry credit the offensive shark bail
outs and nobody on base first pitch to
Jeter
and he pops it up should have room back
there one our state farm leaderboard
recapping the teams that led the way in
extra-base hits last year blue jays
number one the red sox in second third
the yankees the twins fourth and at
number five on the list the Rays well
anytime you have a whole team of guys
who can hit for extra bases it makes the
defense spread out so much and it gives
you room to do other things this team is
great at it one of the best in the
league last year just hitting the balls
and gaps hitting the ball to the wall
and that's why they score so many runs
because they're always in scoring
position right swinging a Miss he's in
the hole two strikes well that fastball
right there he just blew it by swung on
that ball hit well out there to deep
left center field
and a fantastic catch by gelada
remarkable then I'll leave my summit
with that solo show all this Yankee
power showing itself here on this game
Gary mouthed there up big this is
clearly the right call he didn't have it
in call today completely lost out there